ROBIN: Calling all Titans!
Please assemble
in the living room...
For an ice cream sundae bar!
"
He did scream the "ice cream."
We all screamed "ice cream."
ALL: Ice cream!
Wait a second.
I see no cream of ice.
No you don't.
Because there is none.
-This, is a meeting.
-But dude, that's the opposite
of ice cream.
We fell for the ole
sundae-bar but really it's
a boring meeting switcheroo.
I fooled you all into coming
so I could show you something
I've been working
very hard on.
-The Rules of Robin.
ALL: Boo!
-Ba-boo!
-I said, "Boo!"
Boo, boo, boo.
You don't even know
what you're booing yet.
Well, it's a big book with
your name on it.
That's all we need to know.
It's a strict rule book
on how to follow rules.
"Rule number one:
Follow the rules."
I'll read the rest of
the rules on the way.
Titans, go!
"Rule 213: Apples are to be
eaten bottom to top.
"No more of this
sideways nonsense.
"And when disposing
of the stem..."
-Oh, no.
Not him.
You am safe from
fireless building now.
No thanks to Nibor.
Why's that dude saving that
other dude from nothing?
And why does he look
exactly like you?
Except, slightly
more handsome.
Yeah.
"Rule 75:
I'm the handsome one."
And he's from Bizarro World,
where everyone is the opposite
of someone here.
ROBIN: He's my opposite.
Lacking my intelligence,
leadership
and incredible
athletic ability.
Ahh!
ROBIN: Urgh!
Ah! Everyone, this is Nibor.
Goodbye, bad to meet you all.
Rude. So, so, rude.
That's Bizarro-speak.
He usually says the opposite
of what he really means.
So, for him,
up actually means...
Sideways?
No, Beast Boy.
Backwards.
Keep trying.
No.
What are you
doing here, Nibor?
Bizarro Titans say, me do
great job as leader
and they kick me out.
So now Nibor
protect Jump City.
Oh, no.
Dog be held hostage!
Maybe we should take him back
to the Tower, until we figure
out what to do with him.
How dare you let me into your
ugly home.
If you don't like it, bro,
then you can get out.
No, Beast Boy.
He's saying he likes
our place.
Opposite
Perhaps we should converse
more with Nibor,
to better understand this
strange and inconsistent
manner of speech.
GAMESHOW HOST:
It's the "Backward Talk" game.
Where contestants
battle it out to try to guess
what Nibor is really saying.
Me hate justice and want
to set all criminals free.
So, you love justice and want
all criminals in jail.
It's kind of fun.
HOST: That's right Cyborg.
-Ooh, let me try.
-Me hate pizza.
No way, pizza is great!
HOST: Ooh, that's
gonna cost ya.
No, Beast Boy, he means
me love pizza.
HOST: Now that's more like it.
Yes, yes, yes. Me hate pizza.
You're so wrong, bro!
So wrong!
I can't even
look at your face.
Pizza's so good.
That warm cheese when it goes
down your throat.
HOST: And that's all the time
we have for
the "Backward Talk" game.
Okay, Titans.
Time for more
Rules of Robin.
"Rule 52: A superhero must
train a minimum of three
times a day."
Ooh, me train. Watch.
Whoa.
I totally get him now.
I wanna train like Nibor.
Me too!
Way ahead of you.
I never knew that training
could be so nice.
Argh!
This is the opposite
of training.
We're just following
Nibor's lead.
If Nibor wants to stay,
he has to follow the rules.
Nibor promise to follow rules.
Thank you. Now,
let's get back to
The Rules of Robin.
NIBOR: Calling all Titans!
Please report to living room
for three hours of cardio.
Cardio!
Who's ready to get sweaty?
Have a seat, Robin.
A seat?
But, uh, that's the opposite
of cardio.
Yes. We have called you here
under false pretenses
to tell you we are
making Nibor our new leader.
-Me promise to be a cruel
and unfair leader.
-But rule 637 states...
-Sorry, bruh, we like
Nibor's rules better.
He doesn't have any.
Don't take it personally.
We just like the opposite
of you better.
Look, guys,
-there's a reason
I have so many rules.
It's so I can get the best
from each of you
and if Nibor becomes
your leader,
this team will take
a big step backwards.
Literally.
Backwards
Robin, you just helped me
realize something.
Yes?
Nibor is Robin
spelled backwards.
That's crazy.
I'll just go somewhere
I'm appreciated.
I never thought I'd have to
use this.
-Wah!
Aah!
ALL:
Not reporting for duty, sir.
I don't know why I didn't
come here years ago.
You guys are everything
I ever wanted in a team.
The exact opposite of my team.
Grobyc.
The opposite of Cyborg.
Quiet, thoughtful
and 99% human.
Nevar. The opposite of Raven.
Great attitude, smiles a lot,
into spring fashion trends.
Boy Beast.
The opposite of Beast Boy.
Smart as a whip
and a real go getter,
with the ability to turn into
any boy in the world.
And Erifrats.
The opposite of Starfire.
Well, maybe not everyone
is an improvement.
Me put you in friend zone.
Stay back! Now,
tell me why you
got rid of Nibor.
Nibor never always
want to train.
Only eat the junk food
and sleep.
Me need structure.
Then do I have a book for you.
What do you think?
Can I be your new leader?
ALL: No!
Now, let's follow some rules.
Bizarro Titans, go!
Excellent form on those
hurdles, Grobyc.
Aah!
He compliment Grobyc's form.
Who he not think he is?
You're doing amazing, Nevar.
Hm. How polite.
Almost there, Boy Beast.
Keep it up!
Him too nice. Aah!
Great job, guys.
Great work today, team!
You really outdid yourselves.
We enjoying your leadership
very much, Robin.
Thank you.
And me feelings for you
have not changed at all.
Wait, is that backwards talk?
No.
Was that backwards talk?
-Yes.
-Hmm, very confusing.
But, I'm going to assume,
you all love me.
Now, excuse me while I
work up that new training
regimen.
I am just, loving these
Bizarro Titans.
Ugh! Me did not know that
Robin such inspirational and
great leader.
What am we do then?
Me not have the plan.
Am you enjoying
training, Titans?
Ha ha!
Man, making Nibor team leader
was the best idea
we've ever had.
Training time am over, Nibor.
Bizarro Titans and... Robin?
What are you doing here?
Ah, nothing much.
They just brought me over here
to tell you personally,
what a great job I'm doing
and how they never want me
to leave.
That is what the
Bizarro's said?
Yes.
The backwards talking guys
told you how much
they love you?
They wouldn't stop saying
how much they love me...
Argh!
We am healthy and rested
of Robin.
-Give us back Nibor, later!
-Aah!
Listen up,
you backward bozo's.
We don't want Robin.
ROBIN: Aah!
We want him very much.
You keep him.
Start!
Me did not know Bizarro Titans
care so little about Nibor.
Me am sorry for not leaving.
It okay, Nibor,
you know we always
hate you.
Urgh!
Come off, guys.
Let's not go home.